cli: whitelist new V8 flag in NODE_OPTIONS (#30094)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

Specify the file name of the CPU profile generated by `--cpu-prof`.

### `--disallow-code-generation-from-strings`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Prevent strings like `eval` that generate code from functioning.

Reviewer: We don’t typically document V8 flags, but if we do it for this one, I’d be a bit more explicit here:

```suggestion
Make built-in language features like `eval` and `new Function` that generate
code from strings throw an exception instead. This does not affect the Node.js
`vm` module.
```

Specify the file name of the CPU profile generated by `--cpu-prof`.

### `--disallow-code-generation-from-strings`
<!-- YAML

> added: REPLACEME

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
added: v9.8.0
```

-->

Make built-in language features like `eval` and `new Function` that generate
code from strings throw an exception instead. This does not affect the Node.js

> `vm` module.

Reviewer 3: very nice catch about vm!
